Added Powershell folder and DataLogger scripts (#10)
PTCInc/Kepware-Example-Scripts: Datalogger/Powershell/Export Log Items to CSV/readme.md

> ## This is script is for example and instructional purposes only.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Export Log Items to a CSV file

## Purpose: 
- For a given Log Group, export all Log Items (i.e. tag references) to a CSV file

## To use:

> - Update 'csvs/logGroup.csv' with target Log Group name
> - Update 'csvs/auth' with Kepware Config API username and password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update [csvs/logGroup.csv](csvs/logGroup.csv) with target Log Group name
- Update [csvs/auth.csv](csvs/auth.csv) with Kepware Config API username and password
```
